fixes API guide changes, create-bucket, aliases (#2860)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/api-guide/api_intro.md

Postman is another popular tool for exploring APIs. See how to [send authenticated requests with Postman](/{{< latest "influxdb" >}}/api-guide/postman/#send-authenticated-api-requests-with-postman).

## Buckets API

Before writing data you'll need to create a Bucket in InfluxDB.

> [Create a bucket](/{{< latest "influxdb" >}}/organizations/buckets/create-bucket/#create-a-bucket-using-the-influxdb-api) using an HTTP request to the InfluxDB API `/buckets` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Create a bucket](/influxdb/v2.0/organizations/buckets/create-bucket/#create-a-bucket-using-the-influxdb-api) using an HTTP request to the InfluxDB API `/buckets` endpoint.
```
